"Let the vivacious diva in you get a new breath of life. wearing Salt N Pepper 
boots in black colour. stylish fine upper leather and comfort sole presents a 
sleek pair of boots, which is flexible and hard wearing. Club this pair of boots 
with your festival attire to astonish everyone with its beauty."


"Feel on top of the world with this pair of boot by STEPpings. Designed as per 
the latest trend, this pair will catch every style-conscious man's attention.? 
Sinful dressing is in vogue and you ought to flaunt it by cubbling this pair with."


"CALIBRO presents MTG Black Dial Round Watch. This is a fashionable watch from 
MTG that adds to your style statement. This brand is known for its usage of 
quality material in making appealing watches. It understands the needs of youth 
so well that it is able to present wide range of watches to its customers. 
The variety in design, style and youthful approach is very well executed by this
brand. Get one and see how brilliantly it leads other brands in style, finish 
and everything else that matters."


"Live it up with this pair of coloured?boots by STEPpings. Experience endless 
comfort wearing this pair of bellies?,?which is crafted using comfortable resin 
sole. Play with sheer fabric outfits while clubbing this pair of boots for the 
look of the day."


"You will be bombarded with complimenting glances as you walk out wearing this 
black coloured analog watch. Featuring a stylish dial and attractive leather 
strap, this watch will be a classy touch to your look. This stylish accessory is 
a fine pick to flaunt with casuals as well as with formals too."


"Brown coloured printed top with lace accents on the back, has round neck and a 
bow design long flap on the back"


"Keep it cool! Look stylish while feeling comfortable in this body fitted plain 
tee. From half sleeve to a V-neck , this tee is perfect for those hot summer days. 
Cut from cotton and lycra it is sure to be your favourite pick"


"The Portable Automatic Car Washer Is An Amazing High Pressure Product For 
Cleaning Around A Car Without Moving Yourself From The Distance Of 10 Feet. It 
Can Be Used For Gardening & Agriculture, Weed Killers, Pest Control, Nursery, 
Sanitary, Construction, And So Much More. The Washing Brush With A Internal Fan 
Nozzle Can Spray Water While Brushing The Car. The Hose With Strong Power Gun For 
Powerful Water Pressure. You Can Take The Product In Your Car Anywhere You Go. 
Its Portable And Can Be Used Just By Using Car Charger Plug, So Can Be Used On 
The Go. 16Liter Tank, Spray Gun, 6 Meter Hose, Washing Brush, Brush Connector, 
Power Cable with car socket charger."


"The legend continues to live in the Nike Air Force 1 '07 - Men's, a modern version 
of the iconic AF1, combining classic style and modern details. The low design 
offers optimum soil adhesion and a classic look. This version of the Nike Air 
Force 1 features rippled leather edges for a cleaner, slimmer line and more 
refined details. The leather and fabric upper features external layers 
positioned at strategic points for a lifetime durability and support. The 
perforated inserts favor the breathability to keep the foot always fresh and dry."